[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: There's a lot of
fun stuff going in step eight.
So we got rid of the db tester file
because that was just a one off file
that we were using to test the database.
And now, if you go to step eight and
you look in the api folder on each
resource there's a respective model file.
And we have to go ahead and
design these schemas.
Everything else is set up for
you as far as the exports.
All you have to do is just fill out
the actual schemas, the blueprint for
these models.
>> Speaker 1: All right.
So any questions there?
That's all we have to do.
So, as far as what they look like,
again, the blueprint is in the JSON
right here.
>> Speaker 1: So
you can infer what types they are, as far
as how to use the types, here's an example
of here how to use the different types.
>> Speaker 1: And
that's what we gotta do for
those models, so.